House Theme:
2018 home in SF 

Prologue:
The year is 2050. The city of San Francisco is a metropolis. Tall buildings bully the horizon to a modern glow. In a small neighborhood in Excelsior, however, there exists a tiny house that has somehow survived the modernization of the city.

Joseph Emanuel has returned home. The old house, which he has not lived in for many years, is dusty and littered. He has come to clean up the house and sell it.

Joseph’s parents, who raised him in this old house, have passed away. As Joseph rifles through the debris, he finds objects that seem important, and he wonders if there is some meaning behind them.

Thus, Joseph begins his journey to unwrap the mystery of the family’s past.

Instructions:
(How to play:TBD)

Themes
Living room (start):

1.	Free objects: heart shaped necklace locket, embroidered handkerchief with initials

Task items:
2.	Picture frame with photo: A man in his 40s(His father) is wearing a straw hat and he is holding a small dog in his arms. His dark skin glistens in the glaring sunlight.
3.	A Christian cross: The middle of the cross is darker in color and well worn, as if someone held frequently in their hands.
4.	A newspaper lays open on a table: The president of the United States from the year 2018 wants to build a wall along the border with Mexico.
(https://images.twinkl.co.uk/tw1n/image/private/t_630/image_repo/f2/62/t-wn-445-uks2-us-government-shutdown-daily-news-story_ver_1.jpg)
5.	

Kitchen

1.	A wooden bowl rests on a dusty cabinet: A simple object hand hewn from wood. Colorful flowers are painted on the bowl’s surface.
2.	A cob of corn is dry and hard. 
3.	A mortar and pestle is pushed carelessly into a corner. A fine, dusty flour collects in the crevices of the roughened surface.

Bedroom

1.	Inside the drawer of a nightstand next to a wooden bedframe is a book. opens it. Inside, words written in Spanish ( that he does not understand)
2.	In a closet whose door has been torn of its hinges, a handmade serape blanket is discovered. It is dusty. Josef shakes it out and discovers that its colors are rich and bright still.
3.	Under the bed, a doll has been tossed. Josef picks it up. The doll’s face is painted as a skull. Its dress was once a rich red color.

Second Bedroom

1.	In a cardboard box that has been put into the corner is a pile of brochures. 
inspect: (Joseph picks one up.) It is from San Francisco State University. Inside, and half completed application with a name (his sister’s name) on it.
2.	In a trash bag, with clothes inside, 
Inspect (Joseph pulls out ) a colorful Quinceañera dress.
3.	On the floor, tossed in the corner, a small picture frame rests with its face down. 
Inspect: (Joseph picks it up) A female (His older sister) looks very young as she stands next a man. Behind them is the Monumento a la Revolución.

Find all Objects, unlock a letter.

Dear Joseph,

January 5, 2036,

I haven’t seen you for so long. I hope all is well. We are so proud of you for graduating from college. We were never sure when to tell you, but now is as good a time as any. You always wonder why your sister and I went back to Mexico. It really wasn’t our choice. Since you were born in America, you did not have the same experience as we did. I am happy that you got to stay here and have many opportunities.

We hope we can see you some day.

Love,

Mama

Missing object

“Find all memories to hear Joseph’s story”.
